listen I really like the new Jumanji
installments in fact the last one was
one of the first alameen we did making
this one of the first follow-ups we've
covered and I thought it was just as fun
so far both have been solid jr. prices
in my opinion and they've built a pretty
solid franchise formula wherein every
new one they can swap bodies with
different characters or personas all
while still keeping the same blockbuster
cast if you could spend 24 hours in in
Kevin Hart's body mmm how would you
spend your day kill myself wait a second
let me explain so interestingly enough
this is being considered the fourth
Jumanji movie since the author of
Jumanji had also written the book
Zathura with the movie bean pitch that's
taking place within the same world
that's right for cuz you're forgetting
about the one that was in space by John
Favreau
they got the same director Jake Kasdan
from welcome to the jungle to come back
for this one and I had no idea that he's
the son of Lawrence Kasdan who wrote you
know a couple of little space movies but
Jake himself has some comedic classics
on them they brought back the same cast
with Dwayne's hop and the Forbes list
with a cool twenty three point five
million dollars upfront for the role and
then there was the addition of the
Danny's which were great especially
DeVito who was hilarious I think my eyes
are a different color all of you is it
different color for me the action is
great because they're still following
that mantra that they had in the first
CG is there to embellish live action not
to replace it and we've really got a
great lengths on Jumanji to create live
action sequences that said I loved it
was a Sony movie so every teenager is
using their experience but the movie has
a bloated thing for some of their
editing and this one Spencer falls back
into the game like a drug since he got a
little too use of his rock-hard body and
the breakup with Martha reminded me a
lot of Linda Hamilton and James
Cameron's relationship during Terminator
2 where James literally went on record
to say that he fell in love with the
character of Sarah Connor not Linda well
Spencer got Ruby Roundhouse when he came
back to the real world
things also haven't been that sunny for
his grandpa DeVito either and when Danny
Glover's Milo comes back he gets even
more heated see they both had a
restaurant that they used to run back in
the day but as Milo started getting all
he wanted to retire and Eddie wanted to
keep going so he hates him for that and
now the restaurant is owned by Nora who
is actually the aunt from the first
Jumanji movie who wanted to build her
own bed and breakfast now she's just
missing the beds this time when they go
into the game to rescue Spencer they
accidentally bring along the grandpa so
most of the bodies are swapped famous
letsplayer Jack Black gets to play his
last name the rock is playing DeVito
which was okay at first I don't think he
was the funniest it's not funnier than
having DeVito played DeVito but I
thought Hart killed it as Danny Glover
and also Kevin incorporate those kind of
mannerisms that see you don't know when
you're doing something that it becomes
something other than what you're doing
it's just somebody starts repeating you
one of the cool things that the new one
does is that it explores these different
possibilities and tricks that you can do
within the game world sometimes they
feel convenient sure but the idea of
being able to touch glowing water and
then swap bodies with another player
that was a cool trick it's a nice little
leeway in the script so that now you're
able to you know swap from your original
characters and put them back into the
original bodies from the first one but
it also swaps Aquafina halfway through
the movie from playing Spencer to her
doing Danny DeVito and bra she made the
ROC's impersonation look like a pebble
compared to what she did with her
posture and ad libs
the in-game premise in this one is that
the Hound stole The Maltese Falcon
MacGuffin of a jewel and our group has
to pretend to marry off Ruby in order to
snatch it and beat the game but
considering it's not the mountain but
the rock who has to fight him he has to
use some fruit to defeat him honestly
the best resolution in the movie didn't
come from the kids or you know the new
lore that we learned within the game but
from Milo and Eddie for me as always the
rock and Kevin Hart are kind of fight in
these movies and really interviews you
guys didn't get to decide on the tag
line though and I thought I'd give you
the opportunity right now I got one
family movie yeah Jumanji mm-hmm Kevin
as [ __ ] know what but having it be Milo
and Eddie who open up about their
lifelong regrets and now Eddie is dying
in the real world gave the movie a nice
little heartfelt storyline in the end
Eddie is playing in Ming's body while
Milo is a horse but they saved the day
as Milo decides to stay in this game
world that would allow him to continue
living Nate soaring to new heights like
he's never done before and so aquafina
bids another farewell now look I'm
surprised that out of all of the new
franchises and there have been some
Dookie ones Jumanji has been the most
consistently fun one we all know the
rock is literally sung about him being
franchise viagra but it really is a
testament to the entire cast whose game
the production design and stunt teams
and how well they integrate with CG and
approach to the lore that a lot of other
franchises should take note of but I
think it success stems from focusing on
the best aspect about video games and
really games in general and that's
knowing that there's no better feeling
than playing with your friend 24 hours
in the rocks body alright thank you guys
checking out this video here to know
your thoughts down below in the comment
section
they've been hinting at tackling the
origins of the game which could be
interesting but I'm more of a fan of the
you know oranges being a little bit more
ambiguous I don't need to know but we'll
see they haven't really disappointed me
with these last two plus Jack black hats
at this I've been pushing them for a
long time and let's go to space see the
aliens that develop the Jumanji
technology again I've enjoyed each one I
don't know if this one's funnier than
the first I do like that they add some
stuff for example DeVito calling back to
the smolder the hilarious
perfect callback to the cake I think
they're building a nice little utility
belt of callbacks and solutions like I
was mentioning earlier but they'll be
able to use in future installments and I
appreciate the groundwork being laid out
like I could definitely see the changing
water color the water thing so they can
swap bodies being like a pivotal thing
that we'll all recognize and a future
one but I really do
I'm surprised out of all the crappy
reboots and man are there so many crappy
reboots I'm glad that this one's this
one's at least working like I said the
idea of having Norah there is pretty
cool and I like that they're kind of
looking at doing something where they're
gonna bring it into the real world now
considering the after credit scene and
that's gonna be a nice callback to the
original so we'll see how they do it
again not everything needs to qualify
for best of the decade sometimes you
just want to be entertained for I mean
they're like two hours now which will
probably my own small gripe to stop
dragging them out to make them longer
than they need to be but these movies
are fun and I enjoy them so I'm here to
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and you two can play